item.AquanData.name=Aquan Data (Low Class)
item.AquanMid.name=Aquan Data (Mid Class)
item.BeastData.name=Beast Data (Low Class)
item.BeastMid.name=Beast Data (Mid Class)
item.BirdData.name=Bird Data (Low Class)
item.BirdMid.name=Bird Data (Mid Class)
item.DevilData.name=Devil Data (Low Class)
item.DevilMid.name=Devil Data (Mid Class)
item.DragonData.name=Dragon Data (Low Class)
item.DragonMid.name=Dragon Data (Mid Class)
item.HolyData.name=Holy Data (Low Class)
item.HolyMid.name=Holy Data (Mid Class)
item.InsectData.name=Insect Data (Low Class)
item.InsectMid.name=Insect Data (Mid Class)
item.MachineData.name=Machine Data (Low Class)
item.MachineMid.name=Machine Data (MidClass)
item.PlantData.name=Plant Data (Low Class)
item.PlantMid.name=Plant Data (Mid Class)
item.DDNA.name=Digital DNA (DDNA)
item.MutantData.name=Mutant Data
item.Incubator.name=Incubator
item.CPU.name=Central Processor Unit
item.Bone.name=Bone
item.D-Arc.name=D Arc
item.MisteryEgg.name=Mistery Egg
item.Accelerator.name=Accelerator
item.TwinR.name=Digimon Twin R
item.TwinL.name=Digimon Twin L

item.Shinai.name=Shinai
item.Chainsaw.name=Giro Chainsaw

item.ArtGenome.name=Artificial Genome
item.AvianGenome.name=Avian Genome
item.BotanicGenome.name=Botanic Genome
item.DepthGenome.name=Depth Genome
item.DevilGenome.name=Evil Genome
item.FeralGenome.name=Feral Genome
item.InsectGenome.name=Insect Genome
item.JusticeGenome.name=Justice Genome
item.ReptileGenome.name=Reptile Genome

item.Diginoir.name=Diginowa
item.Diginoir2.name=Bowl of Boiled Diginowa
item.meat.name=Digi Meat
item.meatGiant.name=Giant Digi Meat
item.meatSirloin.name=Sirloin

tile.SteelBlock.name=Steel Block
tile.LinkaBrick.name=Linka's Stone Bricks
tile.LinkaStairs.name= Linka's Stone Stairs
tile.RuinBlock.name=Old Stone Bricks
tile.RuinStairs.name=Old Stone Stairs
tile.StoneBrick.name=Stone Bricks
tile.StoneStairs.name=Stone Stairs
tile.CristalStairs.name=Glass Stairs
tile.Laptop.name=Lap Top
tile.Jumper.name=Toy Block


entity.CardmonC2.name=Cardmon C2

itemGroup.DigimonItems=Digimon Items
itemGroup.DigimonFoodItems=Digimon Foods
itemGroup.DigimonDigitalDevices=Digimon Digital Devices & Machines
itemGroup.DigimonBlocks=Digimon Blocks
itemGroup.DigimonTools=Digimon Tools
itemGroup.DigimonWeapons=Digimon Weapons